[AUDIO LOGO]
>>RICHARD C. DOTY:
We should be thankful
that we had an extraterrestrial
that came to our planet,
that I don't think we
would be where we are today
without J-Rod's assistance.
One of the things we wanted
to do was take his DNA,
analyze it, and compare it with
human DNA, and we did that.
We probably, at one
point in our evolution,
commingled with the Pleiadians.
>>JOSH GOLEMBESKE: OK.
>>DOTY: They are in more of
a subtropical, cooler climate
than Earth would be.
So they have vegetation, trees,
rocks, soils, similar to Earth.
>>JOSH: It's just
nice to hear stories
about how they've helped us.
What if an advanced
species from the Pleiades
isn't just observing us, but
shares a direct genetic link
to humanity?
Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we're
joined by former Air Force
OSI agent Richard Doty
to explore the Pleiadians,
their connection
to our DNA, their way
of life, and what we've
learned from direct contact.
I'm Josh Golembeske,
MUFON field investigator,
and your guest host today.
Richard, welcome
back to the show.
>>DOTY: Thank you, Josh.
It's good to be here.
>>JOSH: I'm happy to continue
this fascinating conversation.
In this episode, we're going
to break down the Pleiadians.
A lot of information you've
learned from Ben and from J-Rod.
So let's dive right into this.
>>DOTY: Well, the Pleiadians,
as we've said in a different
episode, came to us in 1959
when it crashed and we had one
in captivity--
J-Rod, and we had
him at Area 51.
He assisted us in
the development
of our advanced technology
as far as aircrafts.
And they gave us the technology
and they even assisted us
in traveling to other worlds.
>>JOSH: Thank you
for that summary.
So the first big question
I want to ask is about DNA.
What is the difference between
Pleiadian DNA and ours?
I'm just guessing there must
be some sort of similarities.
>>DOTY: In 1959, I
think in '60, '61,
as long as the
J-Rod was with us,
we knew he was
similar to humans.
He looked similar, bipedal,
they had arms and legs,
digits on their hands
and on their feet.
Although, their eye
sockets were different.
They had no eyebrows.
Their eyes were a little
bit different than ours.
And the X-rays of their
bodies, of course,
back then they didn't have a
CAT scan or MRI, was different.
But over the years, when we
started realizing what DNA was,
one of the things we wanted
to do was take their DNA,
take his DNA, analyze it and
compare it with human DNA.
And we did that.
And we found that although
we have two strands,
they have three.
Their helix is similar to ours,
but they have a strand or part
of their strand that
will prevent mutagens
from occurring in their body.
What they found out in
the end was we probably,
at one point in our evolution,
commingled with the Pleiadians.
>>JOSH: OK.
>>DOTY: Now, they specifically
used the word commingle
rather than breeding.
And I'm not sure why they did
that, but the consensus was
because they were similar to us,
although their internal organs
were a little bit different than
us, they were so similar to us
that they think
that at some point,
we might have gotten together.
And remember, we had
extraterrestrials in captivity.
And we, even in the time period
when we knew what DNA was,
we analyzed their
DNA and there were
nothing similar to human DNA.
So when we found that
the Pleiadians, wow,
they were similar, that means--
I can think the consensus in
the geneticists and the doctors
and the scientists is at
some point in our evolution,
they became involved.
>>JOSH: Do you think
they manipulated our DNA
in any sense?
Is that what you're
getting at, or are you
carefully avoiding that?
>>DOTY: I'm only telling
you what I was told.
>>JOSH: Sure.
>>DOTY: OK.
The way they explained
it was that at some point
in our evolution, we
commingled with the Pleiadians.
Now, I understand your
definition of commingled
and whether we can say that
they manipulated our DNA,
I think that could
well be, but I
think in a safe
way of saying it,
he referred to it as commingled.
Now the viewers can take away
whatever they want from that.
But because the
DNA was so similar,
the helix portion,
the different strands,
although they had three
strands, we actually
have some humans with three
strands on Earth, I was told.
The scientists told me that.
But it's so similar
that we probably
had-- they had something
to do with our evolution.
>>JOSH: OK, moving on.
So given how advanced
their DNA is,
how do they experience illness?
They must not experience
the same illnesses.
They must recover better.
What's the difference
there in how
they react to external stimuli
and getting sick or not
getting sick?
>>DOTY: Well, first
of all, their DNA
has some part of
their strand that
prevents mutagens or something
that would mutate their DNA.
Secondly, they do
have diseases and they
do have illnesses and
injuries, but they
have ways of correcting
these and healing quickly.
And what they use
is a light therapy,
something that J-Rod
showed us in very early,
early days of him being
in captivity or guests--
I don't like the word
captivity, but he was a guest.
And he showed us things
that he got out of his craft
was a light, different
frequency, light spectrums,
which he could
heal himself with.
If he had a cut or something,
the light healed him.
Now, I don't know that
we fully understood that
and that's not something that
was fully explained to me how
that worked.
We did try it on humans
and it didn't work.
>>JOSH: I was going to ask that.
>>DOTY: But maybe because
we were using it wrong,
I don't know.
But I'm just saying
what Ben told me, was
we got it and we
used it on humans,
but maybe their skin texture
or pigments or something
was different and that light
was only for a Pleiadian.
>>JOSH: OK, got it.
So what did you
find out, or did you
find out anything about
the Pleiadian lifespan.
Do they live longer than humans?
>>DOTY: They go
through a life cycle,
which was explained to me
that they're born the same--
pretty much the same
way human is born.
They go through
life, and then they
go through an expiration
period, which lasts about 200
of our years.
>>JOSH: OK.
>>DOTY: So over their
evolutionary advancement,
they figured out
how to live longer.
If they could heal their
injuries and their diseases,
if we could do that, we
probably would live longer.
And I think they
also figured out
how to take away the
aging portion of their DNA
so they don't age like we age.
>>JOSH: Oh, interesting.
So is their lifespan
similar in the sense
that they have about 18
years growing up as a kid,
and then they're adult for
the rest of their life?
Or is it slower?
Is it a different-- is
it different than humans?
>>DOTY: No, it's pretty
much the same as humans.
>>JOSH: Really?
Yeah.
>>DOTY: Although, here's the
thing that kind of troubled me
when I heard it, is when
a Pleiadian is born,
the parents don't raise it.
There's a facility with certain
Pleiadian doctors or teachers
that raises the child.
At some point in their
lifespan, the child
is then given to the parent.
And one strange thing that
really shocked me was they
have no schools.
They're all taught,
because they're
so advanced in their
technology, they're
all taught through
artificial intelligence.
At certain stages
of their life span,
they're taught in some manner
whatever they needed to know
and their knowledge is
more advanced than ours.
So they don't require schools.
>>JOSH: I'm fascinated
by what Pleiadian culture
and their society could be like.
Like, what's the
similarities and differences
when it comes to child-rearing,
like family structure?
>>DOTY: OK, most Pleiadians
have two children,
although he said
there are some that
have more than two children
or less than two children.
They mate for life.
>>JOSH: OK.
>>DOTY: And they
live in communes.
They're very family-oriented.
There's no money,
no barter system.
Everything that they need is
issued through their society.
The structure of
their society is ruled
by the senior most people.
They don't have a mayor
or a president or a ruler.
They have these
people that guides
the commune or the Pleiadian
society through life.
They strive for
a Utopian society
and there's no perfect
entities in the universe.
Nobody's perfect.
And we know that.
Humans aren't perfect.
So obviously, extraterrestrials
aren't perfect.
So there are ups and
downs in their society,
but they cope with it by the
society taking over for them
and then bringing them out
of whatever kind of problem
they're having.
There's no divorces.
They mate for life.
If one of the
mates die, they are
allowed to find another
mate, but probably
one that already
lost their mate too.
One of the things that Ben
kept saying was life cycles.
I said, you mean their life or?
He said, no.
They don't refer
to it as a life.
We live our life.
They don't refer to it.
It's a cycle.
Now that brings up
a lot of questions.
And that, to me, was OK,
now, you live a cycle.
Do you come back and
relive that cycle?
>>JOSH: Wait, wait.
Relive or is it reincarnation?
>>DOTY: He said to relive.
So they pass-- there's a
death and then somehow they
come back to the beginning.
And that's just how he referred
to it as a life cycle, ending
and a life cycle beginning.
So we can read a lot into that,
whether it's reincarnation
or whether they just are
remanufactured in some way.
I mean, they're
thousands of years
more advanced in
technology than we are,
so it probably is more
difficult for us to understand
what their life cycle
consists of or how it's run,
or how they relive a cycle.
And so that's something that
wasn't fully clear to me,
but I think it's
fascinating that they
refer to it as life cycle.
We live-- we live and we die,
and then maybe we reincarnated
and maybe our souls
go to another body.
And then another
question I ask him
is, do they believe in a soul?
Does a body have a soul?
Well, they don't
refer to the soul,
but they understand
what that means.
And they have something similar
to that they believe in.
>>JOSH: So they have religion or
spirituality, just like we do?
>>DOTY: Yeah, they do.
They have a deity that they
worship almost every day.
They have symbols
that they worship.
These symbols are icons and
figurines that they worship.
And one of the things--
getting back real quickly
to when the craft crashed
in the Nevada desert in 1959,
one of the most important things
J-Rod asked for was a container.
And that container had
these figurines in it.
That was his religion
and he wanted
to somehow worship with him or
however they performed that.
And it took some
years before they
were able to get that because
it was a communications process.
I think right now we
should talk about that.
>>JOSH: OK.
>>DOTY: There was a telepathic
communication system
that J-Rod was trying to portray
or instill into the humans,
but they weren't grasping it.
OK.
And even before they taught
J-Rod the English language,
there were some
particular people,
I'll just say people, that
he had an interface with,
that they went back
and said he's trying
to communicate through my mind.
I'm reading what he's
saying in my mind.
And they tested him.
He's communicating.
And they did
something to show that
what this person, the human
is receiving, is exactly what
that J-Rod wants.
Because before he
learned English,
there was a communication
system through telepathy, only
through telepathy, until
he learned English.
>>JOSH: Oh, that's interesting.
And that kind of
brings up what's
happening today with these
psionics coming forward
from the US military.
Is J-Rod interacting
with the psionics today
in that way at all, or do you
know any information about that?
>>DOTY: I would
imagine there probably
would be some form of training
that J-Rod could instill
on the psionic warriors in
the military, the Tango X-Ray
units they call them.
If there is a
program, a learning
program for mind
reading or psionics,
J-Rod would be part of that.
>>JOSH: So earlier you
mentioned that there's no money.
There's this kind of Utopian
society they're striving for.
But is there a barter?
How do they share resources?
How does that all
work in this society?
>>DOTY: Everything that's needed
by a Pleiadian is given to them.
It's like a supply system.
They need a piece of clothing,
they go to a central depository
and receive that clothing.
That's how it works.
There's no buying.
In fact, one of the
things that Ben said
was when J-Rod first started
speaking English, getting
to learn the language,
there were so
many words in the language
that he couldn't compare it to
in his language, where he
didn't understand what it was.
And one word was money.
He didn't understand that.
And when they showed
him what money was,
he still didn't understand it.
What's money?
Why do you have money?
And when they explained
to him that he
had to go out and
buy this with money,
oh, they don't have
anything like that.
If we needed that,
we would go someplace
and they would give it to us.
That's just the way it is.
They strive for the
Utopian society,
the philosophical
perfect society.
One way of doing it
is without money,
because you know what
money does to our society
and what has done
over the years.
So they don't have that
problem that we have.
>>JOSH: OK, you're
kind of mentioning
like this utopia or
this pure thinking way
that the palladium's
show up in the world.
Can you elaborate more on that?
>>DOTY: They are always
striving for utopia
as far as we consider utopia,
a pure thinking, pure acting,
and pure behavior
in their society.
And as long as they maintain
that, they don't need laws,
they don't need a military.
Although, they do
have a military.
They don't need police
force because everything
is standardized
for them and they
live within those guidelines.
Now I remember Ben
saying, yeah, there
are always something
that could happen,
but they have a remedy
for those things.
Rarely that happens.
Maybe somebody gets out of line
or something to that effect.
But he explained that
they do have a military,
but that's only for
force protection.
That's only protecting the
planet, isn't for the people,
for the Pleiadians.
And they have fought wars
in the past, J-Rod said.
But once the war is
over with, that's it.
They don't keep a grudge.
They don't try to harm anyone.
They don't try to take
over another planet.
They have their war.
It's over with, and they go
back to their own society.
It's the closest thing that
we could ever consider utopia.
>>JOSH: Got it.
So are they united?
Like the Pleiadians, they
don't fight with each other.
They're one country in a sense.
>>DOTY: Yeah, here's
another thing hard for us
to understand because we're
a melting pot here in Earth.
Everybody looks different.
We have different societies,
different languages.
On their planet,
everything is the same.
Although there may
be some differences,
the slight appearances
between two
Pleiadians, but a female
is distinctly a female.
A male is distinctly a male.
They have no problem working
in their own society.
Now, they don't all
live in one place.
There are different societies
or different communes
that live around the planet,
and they all have to commingle.
There are separate.
They live separately, but
when they get together,
they're all benevolent
to each other.
>>JOSH: Got it.
>>DOTY: Now, what
I didn't ask him
about there were wars, I'm
not sure if there was wars
amongst themselves or whether
there were other planets that
tried to evade him.
Now, remember, the
Pleiades star system
had thousands of
stars, thousands.
And so they have literally
thousands of planets.
>>JOSH: Sure, yeah.
>>DOTY: And so we're
only talking about J-Rod
and we're talking about
his society and his planet.
And one of the things
I asked was, OK,
now you have the thousands of
different sects or communes.
Is there one particular
somebody, a person or an entity
that controls all of them?
No, there's not.
>>JOSH: What do we know
about the Pleiadians
like cognitive abilities,
and compare them to humans?
>>DOTY: They're higher IQ.
Their IQs are probably over 200.
>>JOSH: OK.
>>DOTY: Their cognitive
ability is probably
we can't even measure
what it would be.
But remember, we're
only dealing with J-Rod,
one particular species
amongst millions.
We relate only to him
and not to others,
except there were
astronauts that
had visited the
planet, his planet,
and commingled with
others, and they
find them to be just as
benevolent as J-Rod is.
So we can say, I think because
we tested the water, so
to speak, that everything is
benevolent on that planet.
They've never harmed anyone.
They don't want to harm anyone.
But they have a military
only for defense systems.
But their ability to do things
and to rationalize things
are above and beyond
anything that humans
can do because their
technology is so advanced.
It's thousands of years
more advanced than we are.
So we can say they've been
around probably 100,000
to 200,000 years more
than we have in order
for the advancement
of their technology.
>>JOSH: Yeah, no, that
makes a lot of sense.
But backing up a little
bit with their cognitive
abilities, what
about consciousness?
Are they remote viewing?
Are they doing advanced
consciousness, I guess,
protocols or techniques?
What's the difference
between us and them?
>>DOTY: They are so
advanced in consciousness
that they actually taught us or
taught a group of our astronauts
how to go to the top
level of consciousness.
I think it's five or
six or maybe seven.
They go in degrees
of consciousness.
In order to fly the craft
that they manufactured,
Cronus 4, the astronauts, our
astronauts, human astronauts,
had to be trained in how to
control their consciousness
and utilize their consciousness
to fly that craft,
and it has to be a
six or a seven level.
Now on Earth, lucky to have 1.
But they're able to go to the
top level of consciousness.
I know I've read a
book on consciousness.
I'm fascinated
with consciousness.
There are some Indians
from the Indian Tibetans
and the Buddhist monks have
levels of consciousness,
and I think that's what
they're referring to,
J-Rod is referring to.
in order to make your
mind take over something
and manipulate it so it can
fly a complicated craft,
you have to really
be on that top level.
>>JOSH: But what does that mean?
Just generally talk about level
1 consciousness to level 7.
What's the difference
and what do you
have to gain in like skills
or abilities to get there?
>>DOTY: I don't know
the training session,
but what he said-- and he
went through the training,
and I'm talking to Ben who's
actually gone through it.
He said it's a revelation when
you can go through what they are
teaching you, what J-Rod,
and it's only J-Rod,
are teaching you and how to
get to those different levels.
He said, consciousness,
he thought,
was just being
awake and conscious,
but then he realizes
that he starts
developing-- they start
developing systems,
and he didn't go into
how that was trained.
But he says when you start
raising your consciousness
level, you can start doing
things like moving a phone.
He said the first time
that he was trained in it,
he had a flip phone.
Everybody remembers
the flip phone.
And it was on a desk, and
he was able to not only move
that flip phone, but open it up.
>>JOSH: Telekinesis.
>>DOTY: Telekinesis.
Part of consciousness.
They don't differentiate
between telekinesis
or any of the other paranormal
things that we can do.
They just consider it
levels of consciousness.
And when you get to a certain
level of consciousness,
you can sit in a spacecraft
and use your mind
to start the engines
and fly the craft.
>>JOSH: Wait, OK, so
if the astronauts have
to get to level 7 consciousness
to control the craft,
does that mean that they have
other psychic gifts that they've
learned through this
training along the way,
like telekinesis, being
clairvoyant, precognition?
>>DOTY: Yes, absolutely.
So every one of these astronauts
have this unique ability that
was taught to them by J-Rod.
That's why he says
you have that ability.
You just have to be
taught how to use it.
I said, I want to know.
I want to be able
to do these things.
>>JOSH: Yeah, me too.
>>DOTY: And he
said, well, you're
going to have to get a seat
with J-Rod in his classroom.
And so he didn't demonstrate--
>>JOSH: OK, I was
going to ask that.
>>DOTY: --anything but
he told me he could.
But he said, you got to
have to go into a trance,
like Uri Geller does when
he does these things.
So he's one probably
could teach the course to.
Imagine what level he is.
>>JOSH: Yeah, yeah.
>>DOTY: Although when I start
asking those same questions,
telekinesis, clairvoyance.
And he said, no, no, no, no.
They didn't know what that was.
They don't refer to it.
Just level of consciousness.
>>JOSH: So backing up to
the actual planet, what--
can we describe their
technology there?
It can be as simple as
their house or the way
they do business or
the transport systems.
What do they have and what would
be something that we don't have
or something beyond
our capabilities
now on their planet that would
just let the audience be like,
wow, I can't believe the
Pleiadians have that?
>>DOTY: Well, their houses
are almost pre-fab looking.
Although I didn't see a picture,
he was explaining it to me.
They're all the same.
If you look at one,
they're all the same.
Although he hasn't
been inside and he
can't talk about if there's
a table here, a table there.
But the outer side, the outside,
J-Rod said, are the same.
Now there's free will within
the Pleiadian society.
So if you live in a-- you
have a family of a wife
and a husband and
maybe two children,
their interior or
their house can
be whatever they want it to
be because it's free will.
>>JOSH: Yeah.
>>DOTY: They don't
tell everyone they
have to have their
fireplace here or whatever.
It's free will.
So that's all the same.
Their transport vehicles
are something that
is similar to a flying car.
It doesn't operate
on the ground.
It operates in the air.
They do have aircrafts.
They do fly.
Now, if you have to fly from
one commune to one that's
thousands of kilometers
away, then you
would go on some sort of a
space ship or an airplane.
>>JOSH: Yeah, yeah.
>>DOTY: They have a centralized
communication system,
which is similar to what we
would refer to as a satellite
television, that they get their
instructions or advisements
through this system.
It's both voice and visual.
They don't have wires,
transistors, plug-ins.
Everything is in
some way so advanced
they don't need to plug
a light into a socket.
They have some other technology
that if they need a light,
this light will light
up by hitting a switch
or something, or maybe
even consciously telling
that light to come on.
The really difficult
things for us to understand
is they only eat for
nourishment, not for pleasure.
There's no pleasure
in their food.
They eat something similar
to fruits, vegetables.
They don't eat meat.
Although they have animals.
They consider animals
on their planet.
They don't eat those animals.
They don't have pets.
They don't have
dogs or cats, birds.
They don't even know
what a pet would be.
And one of the
most common things
that they have on that
planet that we have is water.
Although their consistency of
water is a little bit different,
it's extremely
alkaline to our water.
But that's something that
they need and we need,
is water, that's common.
And there's a lot of other
species of extraterrestrials
that have visited
Earth that have
we found it to be the same,
that they require water.
>>JOSH: It's universal.
Can you explain more about
how the environment looks.
They have water.
Do they have trees and grass?
Is it similar to
Earth in any way?
>>DOTY: They are in more of
a subtropical cooler climate
than Earth would be.
So they have vegetation, they
have trees, they have plants.
Their northern part
of their planet
is cooler than the southern
part of their planet,
almost similar to ours.
Their day is longer
than Earth day.
They circle their planet longer
period of time than we do,
more than 365 days.
Their inclination
isn't like ours.
They do have a protective
layer around their planet,
similar to our magnetic zone
to protect them from radiation.
They still can be
damaged by radiation.
They're not immune
to radiation burns.
Trees, rocks, soils,
similar to Earth.
They have water, oceans.
But there are other
water bodies that
are non-salt. They don't have a
salt ocean, like we have oceans
with salt in them.
Everything is clean water,
drinkable water, so to speak,
as he said.
>>JOSH: Overall colder
though, this is.
>>DOTY: It's cooler within--
and that's one thing I had
to learn because everything
that Ben was taught from the
beginning is in metric system.
So he talks about
kilometers or kilograms
and he's talking about Celsius.
So they range between
about 17 to 20 Celsius,
which is about 60 to
70 degrees Fahrenheit.
>>JOSH: Wow, some would
say that's perfect.
>>DOTY: Absolutely perfect.
>>JOSH: That's good weather.
So that's interesting
about the environment.
What about the cities?
What about their architecture?
Is it like us in any way?
>>DOTY: They don't have cities.
They have these communes.
They have a series of houses.
They're all the same.
And they have a distribution
center within that.
>>JOSH: So there's
no high rises.
>>DOTY: There's no high rises.
There's manufacturing centers.
They do have to
manufacture things.
And these are in separate
areas around communes,
and the people in these
communes work at this factory.
And they make their
spaceships and whatever
needed for their society.
The distribution
centers are there,
but they have distribution and
they have industrial centers.
>>JOSH: And they're
on the ground,
not like the future humans where
they're floating in the sky.
These are on the ground.
>>DOTY: No, they're
all on the ground.
>>JOSH: OK, interesting.
They figured something out
that we didn't in the future.
>>DOTY: I think they figured
a lot out that we didn't.
>>JOSH: So how
does society work?
Do they all have individual
roles they perform in society?
Did they get to
choose them freely?
>>DOTY: Every Pleiadian has
a role in their society,
beginning at a particular period
of their lifespan, at which I
think we figured to be
about 18 to 20 years old.
>>JOSH: So the
Hindus and Buddhism
talks about levels
of consciousness,
and we now know
that J-Rod's talking
about the Pleiadians and
their different levels
of consciousness and abilities.
Was there ever a time,
or did their culture
ever influence our societies
and our religions in the past?
>>DOTY: One of
the questions when
we were able to eventually
speak with J-Rod, Ben told me,
is they asked him, you came
to Earth for what reason?
And one of the things was
that we are travelers,
we're explorers, and
we've been here before.
And now we came back and
it's been a long time for us,
at least Earth years,
that we came back.
And we have visited other
places on your planet.
And we have instilled
knowledge among the earthlings.
Now, I don't know
what that means other
than they instilled knowledge.
Maybe that's because they
visited Tibet or India or Nepal
and instilled knowledge
on the ancient people.
Maybe that's why there
are-- the Buddhists believe
in similar levels
of consciousness
and maybe that's why.
But he never actually said that.
But they have
visited Earth before,
and we actually think, Ben
says, we think, and this
is Ben talking, that they have
probably commingled in a way
that we've shared DNA with them
at some point in our evolution.
>>JOSH: Commingle.
There's that word again.
That's fascinating.
Next time you talk to Ben
or anyone talks to J-Rod,
we have to know more about that.
That's so compelling if they
were involved in any way
in shaping our
society or religions.
>>DOTY: Well, I don't
think it was major,
but I think they probably
had something to do with it.
They were here,
they visited Earth.
They instilled knowledge
into a certain population
on Earth, whether
it be the Nepalese
or the Indians or the Tibetans.
But we have found,
and this is a secret
and we've talked about
this in an episode
some years ago, that there are
some scriptures and some symbols
or characters that they found
at a Nepalese monastery that is
similar to the Ebens language.
So maybe there
are some out there
that are similar to the
Pleiadians, I don't know.
I don't know what the
Pleiadian alphabet is,
but maybe we can find it if
we really dig deep into it.
>>JOSH: Oh, that's
a whole rabbit hole.
I love it.
All right.
Rick, what is your big
takeaway from learning
all this information
about the Pleiadians?
What would you like to
share with the audience?
>>DOTY: Well, what I would
like to share is, number one,
J-Rod has contributed so
much to our technology.
Someone who crashed
on our planet, someone
who was stranded on
our planet, probably
could have returned
to his planet,
but developed the likeness for
our planet and our society,
at least the people
that he met at Area 51,
and therefore he provided so
much technology advancements
that I don't think we
would be where we are today
without J-Rod's assistance.
But I'd like to just instill
that we should be thankful
that we had an extraterrestrial,
that came to our planet,
even though he crashed,
and then instilled--
in technology and
probably something
else to our society that
we haven't figured out yet.
>>JOSH: Oh, you're
speaking to my heart.
I'm just team J-Rod.
I'm team benevolent ETs.
It's just nice to hear stories
about how they've helped us,
not just the fear porn
we see in the media.
I think that's a great
way to end this episode.
Rick, again, thank
you for being here
and thank you for
sharing this information.
>>DOTY: Thank you, Josh.
>>JOSH: With that, my
name is Josh Golembeske.
You're watching
Cosmic Disclosure.
We'll see you next time.
[THEME MUSIC]